Aaron what do you think of our room
you're playing with the telephone
well Oh they'd run out of double beds by
the time I booked so we've got two
singles but we're gonna have to push
them together we've got a gorgeous
massive massive window which looks out
Hey onto the car park
um which they probably classes a bad
view because it's not exactly a coastal
view but because hubby likes to keep an
eye on his car he's actually very very
happy about it and a happy husband means
a happy lease car um anyway this room is
bloody gorgeous fridge there TV there
Aaron their massive window lovely
illuminated mirror lovely hairdryer
kettle all the amenity Oh ironing board
now my husband loves ironing he's going
to be very happy because whenever we go
away he always has to borrow an ironing
board from reception so the fact that
it's already here is going to make a
very happy husband gorgeous bathroom
it doesn't look gorgeous on video but
it's very shiny very spotless very
brand-new looking and then such a
gorgeous little bunk bed area but I'm
Erin wouldn't be safe in there even in
the lower one because he would fall out
but if we did have kids they would have
a TV in the video
I mean DVD but yeah it's a lovely big
room and we're very happy with it
there goes Erin investigating the birth
but it's very child-friendly look
there's even a stool came to brush his
teeth but um it's very very late at
night must be after midnight I think but
Erin slept all the way here in the car
so he's full of beans now
you